Add support for Silverstripe 5 (#80)
silverstripe/silverstripe-search-service: docs/en/changes-in-v3.md

# Breaking changes in `3.0.0`

Support for Elastic Enterprise Search is now supplied through
[Silverstripe Search Service - Elastic](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-search-service-elastic).

> This was (moreorless) just a lift and shift. There were namespace and linting changes, but otherwise there should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was (more-or-less) just a lift and shift. There were namespace and linting changes, but otherwise there should be
```
